Introduction
Thank you for visiting the McGraw Hill Privacy Center. 

As the collection of personal information increases around the world, the importance of protecting and limiting the collection and use of that personal information has also increased. McGraw Hill is dedicated to providing students and educators with content and platforms that help individuals access all the value that education can offer, while limiting the collection of personal information to only what is required to help individuals as they progress toward their goals. Towards this end, the McGraw Hill Privacy Office is tasked with guiding the organization through this complex environment in order to comply with legal requirements, and, more importantly, to apply the same high standards and ethics to our collection and processing of personal information as we have applied to the creation of content for over 130 years.

To view a specific privacy notice, please select one of the following in the box above then hit the "Update" button:

Customer
End-user
Parent
It's important to note that you may have multiple relationships with McGraw Hill. For example, you may be both a customer and an end-user of our products. Each notice applies to the personal information collected and processed as part of that relationship. We do not use the personal information collected for end-users in the same manner as we use the personal information of customers.

To submit a request regarding personal information, please use the McGraw Hill Privacy Request Form.

We may modify any of the notices in our Privacy Center to reflect legal, technological, or other changes. In that event, the changes will appear here and you will be notified directly where required by law.

Please reach out to the Privacy Office with any questions regarding this Privacy Center or McGraw Hill's collection and processing of your personal information by:

Emailing us at privacy@mheducation.com
Calling us at +1-646-766-3199, or
Writing us at 1325 Ave. of the Americas, New York, NY 10019
You may also contact the McGraw Hill Privacy Official within a specific U.S. business unit or international region.