Effective Date: 4/20/2019

This Privacy Policy applies to the Metanaut Labs Inc. (“Metanaut” or “we”) software and services on which it is placed, including but not limited to metanautvr.com, gadgeteergame.com, and the Gadgeteer video game (collectively, the “Service”) and details data we collect, use and disclose about our users, including you.

By clicking “I agree” or similar or by using the Service you are agreeing to be bound by the Privacy Policy.

1. How we obtain your data

The Service collects and processes personal data, which is information about you or that identifies you, as well as anonymous data, which does not identify you.  You may choose not to provide Metanaut with certain data or request the deletion of certain data, which may impact Service features available to you or operation of the Service.

2. Personal data we collect

We collect and process the following personal data:

unique identifiers that identify you including your Gamer ID (and associated data and statistics), Internet Protocol address, MAC address and other unique device identifiers;
if you sign up for an email list, your email address;
if you use the voice features provided through the Service we may collect the details of your voice communications;
if you interact with us on social media platforms, such as Facebook and Youtube, we collect personal data provided to us by such platforms; and
if you contact us for customer support or for any other reason, we collect any personal data you choose to provide, such as your first and last name and email address.
We collect anonymous data from you, which does not identify you unless associated with personal data, including but not limited to responses to anonymous surveys, metrics and other types of statistical data, which could be derived from use of the Service, and diagnostic data concerning the Service.  For example, when playing Gadgeteer, we collect anonymous information on how many times you have used a gadget and how many tools you use.

3. Processing of Your Personal and ANONYMOUS data

We process your personal and anonymous data primarily for our business purposes, such as providing the Service, to understand your needs and the needs of our users and to provide you with better service and information, particularly:

to send Service updates, patches and related push notifications that may be of importance to you and if you do not wish to receive these types of updates, patches and notifications your use of the Service may be limited;
providing the Service to you, such as displaying and delivering content through the Service, authenticating users, facilitating voice communications with other users during multiplayer mode or performing services requested of us;
maintaining and analyzing Service functionality, such as backing up data, understanding how users use the Service and drawing trends and predictions based on this data;
improving the Service and future games we make
protecting the security and integrity of the Service and its users including but not limited to detecting and protecting Metanaut and other third parties against error, fraud, theft and other illegal activity;
legal or regulatory compliance;
providing customer and technical support and to resolve customer issues;
provide you with information or inform you of changes related to the Service such as confirmations, technical notices, updates, suspensions, outages or other material changes; and
contact you with surveys, marketing or promotional content or contests, if you previously consented to such contact or we have a basis for contacting you for such purpose under applicable law.
We disclose your personal and anonymous data to our parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, employees and contractors for the same purposes described above.  We also disclose your personal and anonymous data to third parties, who may be located in a foreign jurisdiction and subject to foreign laws, as follows:

to process your data as described above and provide or enhance Service features;
for customer support and feedback, analyzing Service functionality and technical issues, tracking use of the Service and generating reports and data models that we use to improve the service;
to link or combine your information with other information from third parties to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services;
for payment processing and fraud prevention purposes; and
to law enforcement or a government that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the data or where Metanaut has reasonable grounds to believe the data could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity, or to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of data, or to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and data, or to Metanaut’s legal counsel.
4. THIRD PARTY SERVICES

The Privacy Policy only applies to personal data that Metanaut collects, processes and discloses and does not apply to the collection, processing and disclosure of data by third parties through third party services, which may be broader than set forth in this Privacy Policy, and that may be embedded into the Service. For example, we may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with hardware manufacturers, platform hosts, publishers, business partners, and other third parties, to the extent permitted by applicable law.   Please contact us using the information below if you would like to learn more about third party data practices.

5. SERVICE COMMUNICATION FEATURES

Your username and profile on the Service are visible to other users of the Service.  We recommend you exercise discretion when selecting your username and when using the Service.  Use screen names whenever possible to protect your identity. Personal data disclosed by you within our chat areas, instant message service, message boards or during use of the Service can be collected by other users and may result in unsolicited messages.  We are not responsible for protecting such information that you may disclose to third parties through the Service.  To the extent that you create a public profile that may be available to others on the Service, you are solely responsible for its content and accuracy.  To edit, change, or delete the above information, follow the instructions provided in the Service.

6. If you are UNDER THE AGE OF 13

Metanaut complies with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and all other applicable laws and regulations concerning children and the Internet.  If you are under the age of 13, you may not create an account on or use the Service.  Metanaut will not knowingly collect, maintain, or disclose any personal data from children under the age of 13.

7. If you are BETWEEN THE AGE OF 13 AND 18

If you are between the age of 13 and 18, please have your parent or guardian read the Privacy Policy and any other legal document presented to you and obtain his or her permission before you provide any personal data and before you sign up for or use the Service.  Never tell anyone online anything private about yourself or your family, including your phone number and address, unless your parent or guardian has approved.

8. CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE

Do Not Track, or DNT, is a web browser setting that requests that a web application disable its tracking of you.  When you choose to turn on the DNT setting in your browser, your browser sends a special signal to websites, analytics companies, advertising networks, plug in providers and other web services you encounter while browsing to stop tracking your activity.  Currently, there is no DNT technology standard and, as a result, the Service does not respond to DNT signals.

9. CALIFORNIA “SHINE THE LIGHT” RIGHT

If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 grants you the right to request our disclosure of the categories of personal data we provided to third parties, and the names and addresses of these third parties, for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year.  If you are a California resident and would to make this request, please contact us as set forth below.

Please note that you may only make this request once per year.

10. Obtaining, rectifying and controlling your personal data

You may contact Metanaut to obtain a copy of any personal data we have collected about you, the production of which may be subject to a fee as permitted by applicable law.  In addition, you may contact Metanaut to correct inaccurate personal data or to complete incomplete personal data.

You may be able to opt-out of some or all of the ways in which your personal data is collected or processed, or request the deletion of certain personal data, except where the personal data is:

necessary for the performance of contractual obligations;
to comply with our legal obligations;
vital to protect your interests or those of another person; or
as necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party,
and may do so by removing such personal data from your account, turning off certain features within the Service settings or by contacting us using the information below.

11. Data Storage and Retention

While Metanaut is a Canadian company, the data you provide through the Service is stored and processed by third parties in countries around the world.  You authorize Metanaut and third parties acting on Metanaut’s behalf to process your data in any country of their choosing, which may cause your data, including personal and anonymous data, to be subject to privacy protections and legal rights that may not be equivalent to those in your country.

Your personal data is retained until you request its deletion as set forth above or until Metanaut no longer requires such data for the purpose for which it was collected.

12. Change of Ownership or Business Transition

In the event of, or in preparation for, a change of ownership or control of Metanaut or a business transition such as the sale of some or all Metanaut assets, we may disclose your personal and anonymous data to third parties who will have the right to continue to collect and use such data in the manner set forth in this Privacy Policy.

13. Security

We are committed to ensuring that your data is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the data we collect and process.

14. Updates

Metanaut reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify the Privacy Policy at any time (“Updates”) and shall make Updates available at metanautvr.com.  You are deemed to accept any Update by continuing to use the Service.  Unless Metanaut states otherwise, Updates are automatically effective 30 days after posting on metanautvr.com.

15. Contact Us

If you have requests, questions or comments about the Privacy Policy or Metanaut’s data collection in general, please contact Metanaut at legal@metanautvr.com.