Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us
Version 2.2 – Last updated: Dec 21st 2024

Toast VR PTY LTD (trading as) Toast Interactive (“Toast Interactive”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) is committed to respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information that you (“you” or “user”) may provide to us through your use of our website located at https://toastinteractive.com, our games, our social media pages, and any other products or services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our “Services”).

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is part of, our Terms of Use available at [https://toastinteractive.com/website-terms-of-use/, and our End User License Agreement https://toastinteractive.com/EULA/, which govern your access to and your use of the Services. This Privacy Policy does not cover data or information we receive from third parties, and it does not cover third party products and services. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@toast.com.au.

By accessing the Services, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Services. Each time you use the Services, the current version of this Privacy Policy will apply. Accordingly, when you use the Services, you should check the date of this Privacy Policy (which appears at the top) and review any changes since you last reviewed the Privacy Policy.

Information We Collect and How We Use it
We collect two types of information from users of our Services: “Personal Information,” which is information that you provide that can be used to identify you (such as your name or your email address), and “Aggregate Information,” which is information that cannot be used to identify you (such as frequency of visits to the Services and your browser type).

REGISTRATION AND PROFILE INFORMATION

In order to use some features of Services, such as to play our games, you must first complete the registration form and create a user name and password. During registration you are required to give truthful contact information (such as name and email address) in accordance with our terms of use https://toast.games/website-terms-of-use/. We use this information to enable you to play our games and to communicate with you.

To enable you to play our games and enable us to repair and improve our games, we collect the following information about you: identification data (Avatar, nickname, or UserID under which you are registered, etc.); technical data (data about your device, etc.); data concerning your use of our games (when and how and how successfully you play the game).

We use this information to enable the functioning of our games and to create statistics contributing to the improvement of the game. We also need the personal information described above (identification data, technical data and game use data) so that the game is functional, including leaderboards, etc.

If you are a game user, your username and limited profile information may be visible to other game users in certain situations. For example, we may post your username and your score on our game leaderboard.

INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US

We collect Personal Information that you voluntarily provide to us when you use our Services. For example, you may provide us with your contact information such as your email address, first and last name, the content of your communication, or other Personal Information when you choose to submit such information to us through email, an online form, or other method (such as contacting us through the chat feature on our Services). If you interact with us on social media, we may collect your social media profile information, your communications with us, and your communications and posts on our social media pages.

If you sign up for our newsletter or mailing list, we collect the information you submit and you are signing up to receive marketing and other communications from us.

CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS AND MESSAGES

If you choose to post messages in our chat rooms, forums or other public message areas or leave feedback for other users, including on websites owned and operated by us, and websites and platforms owned and operated by third parties, we may collect the information you post. Any information that is disclosed in chat, forums or bulletin boards should be considered public information, and users who message one another may not know each other personally. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or messages, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Services, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.

COMMUNICATION FROM US OR THE SERVICES

Special Offers and Updates

We will occasionally send information on products, services, special deals, and promotions to our users. We give users the option to receive promotional email communications from us. You may opt out of these communications. Instructions for discontinuing receipt of promotional email communications from us will be provided in email communications to users.

Newsletters
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe in each email we send to you. Please see the “Choice and Opt-out” section.

Profile

We store information that we collect through cookies, log files, clear gifs, and/or third party sources to create a “profile” of your preferences. We tie your personal information, and your purchasing history, to information in the profile, in order to provide tailored promotions and marketing offers and to improve the content of the Properties for you.

We do not share your profile with other third parties except as stated in this Privacy Policy.

YOUR COMMUNICATION WITH US

We collect information when you communicate with us. The specific types of information we collect will depend on the forum in which you communicate with us. For example, if you send us an email, we will collect your email address and the content of your email.

INFORMATION WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT

When you use our Services, we automatically receive and collect information from your device. This information includes the following:

Information about your device, such as the operating system, hardware, system version, Internet Protocol (IP) address, device ID, and device language.
Your country and general location, time zone, and language used.
The specific actions that you take when you use our Services, including but not limited to the pages and screens that you view or visit, search terms that you enter, and how you interact with our Services.
The time, frequency, connection type, and duration of your use of our Services.
Information regarding your interaction with email messages, for example, whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded the email message.
Identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (as further described below).
Pages you visited before or after navigating to our Services.
EMPLOYMENT

If we have collected your Personal Information through our “Careers” page in response to a job opening, you are giving us permission to use and retain your Personal Information for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment consideration for the specific position that you applied to, as well as other roles at Toast Interactive. This Personal Information may be processed and stored by a third party talent tracking solution provider as well as with vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work relating to the recruitment process on our behalf.

AGGREGATE INFORMATION COLLECTED

Aggregate Information is information that does not identify you. Aggregate Information may be collected when you use our Services, independent of any information you voluntarily enter. Additionally, we may use one or more processes to de-identify information that contains Personal Information such that only Aggregate Information remains. We may collect, use, store, and transfer Aggregate Information without restriction.

COOKIES AND ANALYTICS

Like most websites, our Services may use “cookies.” Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to help us identify you when you come to our Services.

Our Services collects cookies and may use cookies for reasons including, but not limited to:

Analyze our web traffic using an analytics package.
Identify if you are signed in to the Services.
Test content on the Services.
Store information about your preferences.
Recognize when you return to the Services.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with better Services by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.

You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This setting may prevent you from taking full advantage of the Services.

We may use third parties, such as Google Analytics or other analytics providers, to analyze traffic to our website. Google Analytics does not create individual profiles for visitors and only collects aggregate data.

To disable Google Analytics, please download the browser add-on for the deactivation of Google Analytics provided by Google at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.

To learn more about privacy and Google Analytics, please consult the Google Analytics overview provided by Google at http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html. You may find additional information about Google Analytics at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You have the option to opt out of Google’s use of cookies by changing your settings through Google Ad Settings via the Google advertising opt-out page at http://www.google.com/policies.

Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our visitors, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser.

THIRD PARTY PLATFORMS

If you purchase our Services through a third party platform or distributor, your personal information will be processed by such third party platform or distributor in accordance with their privacy notice, not by this Privacy Policy.

How We Use Your Information
In general, we collect information and Personal Information from you so that we can provide our Services, operate our business, and provide information that you request from us. This includes but is not limited to the following:

Provide, operate, improve, maintain, and protect our Services.
Create your account and allow you to play our games.
Process purchases and payments.
Verify your non-professional status (if applicable).
Provide you with technical and other support.
Send you updates, marketing communications, and other information about Toast Interactive and our Services.
Send you notices and alerts.
Conduct research, analytics, and monitor and analyze trends and usage.
Contact you and respond to your inquiries.
Enhance or improve user experience, our business, and our Services, including the safety and security thereof.
Personalize our Services to you.
As necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, subpoena, legal process, or governmental request.
Enforce contracts, including investigation of potential violations thereof.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Toast Interactive, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
How we share your information
We do not rent or sell your Personal Information.

Like most companies, we share information, including Personal Information, in certain circumstances with third parties through operation of our Services and our business. Below we explain when that happens.

SERVICE PROVIDERS AND PRODUCT DISTRIBUTORS

We may transfer Personal Information to third parties for the purpose of providing the Services or operating our business. We also share Personal Information with our product distributors in order to sell our games. For example, we may transfer your Personal Information to third-party service providers to assist with providing the Services, and to communicate with you about current or future offerings.

We also use third party payment processors to process your payments made by credit or debit card.

REQUIRED TRANSFERS

We may also transfer your Personal Information to third parties under the following circumstances: (i) to comply with a legal requirement, law, subpoena, judicial proceeding, court order, governmental request, or legal process; (ii) to investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; (iii) in connection with the sale, purchase, merger, asset sale, financing, reorganization, liquidation or dissolution of Toast Interactive, including the evaluation thereof; (iv) when we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of Toast Interactive or other persons, or (v) as otherwise required or permitted by law, including any contractual obligations of Toast Interactive.

AS DIRECTED BY YOU AND WITH YOUR CONSENT

Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we share Personal Information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Toast Interactive only at your direction or when we have your consent to do so.

International Transfer
We are based in the Australia, and our Services are hosted from various locations around the world, including the US, Canada, the European Union, the United Kingdom, Australia, Japan, Singapore, and Korea. If you are using our Services from another country, the laws governing our collection and use of information may be different from the laws of your country. If you decide to use our Services, or share your information with us, you are agreeing to be governed by the laws of Australia, and agree to the transfer of your information to Australia.

Children’s privacy
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13 in the US (or the relevant age threshold in other jurisdictions) and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 in the US (or the relevant age threshold in other jurisdictions) in connection with the Services. Please note that additional age restrictions may apply to use of our games. See additional disclosures when you play our games for further details.

Your Privacy Rights
Depending on where you live, you may have certain rights under local laws related to our use of your personal data. We will discuss those below.

However, no matter where you live, you have the right to request that we delete your personal data. To exercise this right, please email us at privacy@toast.com.au. We may ask for additional info to verify that you’re the owner of the data.

EU and UK Residents

If you’re in the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom (UK), you have specific rights regarding your personal data under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR respectively.

Legal Bases for Processing

We only process your personal data when we have a valid legal reason to do so:

Consent: When you explicitly agree to the processing, such as signing up for marketing communications
Contract Performance: When we need to process your data to provide our games and services
Legal Obligations: When we need to comply with EU, UK, or other applicable laws
Legitimate Interests: When we have a business or commercial reason that doesn’t override your rights, such as:
Improving and personalizing our games
Maintaining security and preventing fraud
Analyzing how our services are used
Marketing our products and services when permitted
Your Rights

Whether you’re in the EEA or UK, you have the right to:

Access your personal data and receive information about how we use it
Correct any inaccurate or incomplete data
Request deletion of your data in certain circumstances
Restrict or object to processing of your data
Move your data to another service (data portability)
Withdraw any consent you’ve previously given
Object to automated decision-making and profiling
Lodge a complaint with your data protection authority
International Data Transfers

When we transfer your data outside the EEA or UK, we use appropriate safeguards including:

Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission (for EU data) or the ICO (for UK data)
Adequacy decisions where applicable
Other valid transfer mechanisms as required by EU GDPR or UK GDPR
Supervisory Authorities

EU residents can file complaints with their national supervisory authority. Find your authority on the European Data Protection Board website: https://edpb.europa.eu

UK residents can file complaints with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) at www.ico.org.uk or by calling 0303 123 1113

California Residents
Residents of California have certain privacy rights. Information on these rights is provided in the supplemental California Resident Privacy Notice contained in this section. This supplemental notice covers the requirements of the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, “CCPA”).

When we use the term “personal information” in this section, we are referring to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household. Personal information does not include publicly available information and certain other information that is regulated by certain other applicable laws that are exempted from the requirements of the CCPA. Depending on your relationship with us, the CCPA, and this section, may not apply to your personal information, even if you a California resident.

Your Rights and Choices under the CCPA

Right to Know. You have the right to request that we provide certain information to you about our collection of your personal information. Such information shall cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. Upon our receipt of your verified request, we will provide you with the following:

The categories of personal information we have collected about you
The categories of sources from which we have collected your personal information
Our business or commercial purpose(s) for collecting or selling your personal information
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you
You have the right to request that we provide certain information to you about our disclosures and sales of your personal information. Such information shall cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. Upon our receipt of your verified request, we will provide you with the following:

The categories of personal information we have collected from you
The categories of personal information we have sold about you and the categories of third parties to whom we sold such information, by category or categories of personal information for each category of third parties to whom the personal information was sold; and
The categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose
You may only make a verifiable “Right to Know” request twice within a 12-month period.

Right to Opt-Out. You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. While we do not currently use targeted behavioral advertising, you also have the right to opt-out of sharing your personal information with third parties for the purposes of targeted behavioral advertising at any time if we ever engage in such activity.

Right to Delete. You have the right at any time to request that we delete your personal information. However, in some cases we cannot delete all or some of your personal information as required or permitted by applicable laws.

Right to Correct. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you. However, in some cases, we may deny requests to correct inaccurate personal information, or may alternatively delete such personal information.

Right to Non-Discrimination. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA, such as by denying you products and services, charging you different rates or prices, including use of discounts or penalties, or suggesting or providing a different level of service or quality of products to you. However, we may charge a different price or provide a different level or quality of products and services if the price or difference is directly related to the value provided to you by your personal information.

We may from time to time offer you financial incentives, including payments to you as compensation, for collecting, or deleting your personal information. We also may offer a different price, rate, level, or quality of goods or services if that price or difference is directly related to the value provided to you by your personal information.

Information We Collect
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the categories of personal information listed below. For more details about the specific data points we collect, please see the section of the main Privacy Policy entitled Information We Collect and How We Use It.

Category of Information	Examples
Identifiers	Name, postal address, Internet Protocol address, email address, device identifiers, username, or other similar identifiers
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).	Name, address, or telephone number. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Commercial information	Transaction information, purchase history, and payment information
Internet or other similar network activity	Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information	Images and audio, and video and call records
Our Sources for Personal Information

We collect personal information from you when you provide it to us, when you use our Services, and when you interact with us, including through social media. We also automatically collect some information when you visit our website. For additional details, please see the section of the main Privacy Policy entitled Information We Collect and How We Use It

Our Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Information

Please see the section of the main Privacy Policy entitled Information We Collect and How We Use It.

We do not engage in automated decision making using your personal information.

Sharing Personal Information

We may disclose your personal information for the business or commercial purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. For more details about our disclosures of personal information, please see the section of the main Privacy Policy entitled How We Share Your Information.

We have not sold personal information in the preceding 12 months. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information except as set forth in our main privacy policy and as necessary to perform the Services as reasonably expected.

Retention of Personal Information

We retain personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in our main Privacy Policy, for as long as your account is active, or as needed to provide the Services. We will also retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your information to comply with applicable law), resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and as otherwise described in our main Privacy Policy.

Making Requests

To submit a request to exercise your “Right to Know,” “Right to Delete,” or “Right to Correct” rights, contact us at privacy@toast.com.au. We will evaluate the request and take action where required to do so.

We will take steps to verify your identity before processing your request. We will not fulfill your request unless you have provided sufficient information for us to reasonably verify you are the individual about whom we collected personal information. If you have an account with us, we may use our existing account authentication practices to verify your identity. If you do not have an account with us, we may request additional information about you to verify your identity. We will only use the personal information provided in the verification process to verify your identity or authority to make a request and to track and document request responses, unless you initially provided the information for another purpose.

You may also use an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf. If you wish to use an authorized agent, we require that your authorized agent provide written proof to us that he or she is authorized to act on your behalf, and we may also require your authorized agent to verify his or her own identity. To appoint an authorized agent, please contact us at privacy@toast.com.au.

We endeavor to respond to your request as soon as we can. If we are not able to respond to your request within 45 days, we will let you know that we may require additional time (up to 90 total days).

Please note, if you purchased our Services through a third party platform or distributor, we are not responsible for their treatment of your personal information, so if you would like to make a request with respect to that information, please contact the third party platform or distributor directly.

Virginia Residents
If you are a Virginia resident, you have certain rights related to your Personal Information listed below. If you wish to exercise these rights, you can submit a request by emailing us at privacy@toast.com.au.

Request to your Personal Information
Delete your Personal Information
Correct your Personal Information
You may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by emailing us at privacy@toast.com.au.

Other US State Privacy Rights
If you live in Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Texas, Oregon, or other states with comprehensive privacy laws, you have similar rights to those provided to California and Virginia residents, including:

Right to access your personal data
Right to correct inaccurate personal data
Right to delete your personal data
Right to data portability
Right to opt out of:
Targeted advertising
Sale of personal data
Profiling in furtherance of automated decision-making
We treat these rights consistently across all US jurisdictions where privacy laws apply. Some key points:

We do not sell personal data as defined by state privacy laws
We do not engage in automated decision-making that produces legal effects
We only process sensitive personal data when necessary to provide our services
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights
If you wish to exercise these rights, you can submit a request by emailing us at privacy@toast.com.au.

Opting out
If you no longer wish to receive our marketing and promotional communications, you may opt-out by following the instructions included in each communication.

How Do We Protect Your Information
We take the security of your Personal Information very seriously. We use reasonable administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to secure the Personal Information you share with us. Despite these safeguards and our additional efforts to secure your information, we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your Personal Information.

Privacy Choices and Access to Information
Users of our games may access and delete profile information through settings in the game.

Third-party websites
The Services may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by third parties, which may include social media features, such as social media buttons or links. We provide such hyperlinks for your reference and convenience only. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their content, or the privacy, or other practices of such websites. It is up to you to read and fully understand their privacy policies. Our inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators. If you are submitting information to any such third-party through our Services, you should review and understand that party’s applicable policies, including their privacy policies, before providing your information to the third-party.

Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this policy at any time without any prior notice to you. Each time you use our Services the current version of this Privacy Policy will apply. When you use our Services, you should check the date of this Privacy Policy (which appears at the top of the Privacy Policy) and review any changes since the last version.

Questions
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at:
hello@toast.com.au

Toast Interactive
Unit 4 / 80 – 82 Township Drive
Burleigh Heads
Qld Australia 4220